Add bulk-redirects example (#12)
fermyon/fwf-examples: samples/bulk-redirects/README.md

# Bulk redirect requests

> This sample illustrates how you could bulk redirect requests using an object to map incoming an incoming requests URL to a configured redirect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample illustrates how you could bulk redirect requests using an object to map incoming requests to a configured redirection target.
```

## Run the Spin App on your machine

> Once you've cloned the repository and moved to the `./samples/bulk-redirects`, install the dependencies, build and run the app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've cloned the repository and moved to the `./samples/bulk-redirects`, build and run the spin app:
```
